TINY-10010: Empty.isEmpty should respect empty CET (#9051)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Resize handles would not appear on editable images in a non-editable context. #TINY-10118
- The dialog size was not updated when the `size` argument was changed when redialling a dialog. #TINY-10209
- Toggling a list that contains an LI element having another list as its first child would remove the remaining content within that LI element. #TINY-10213

> - An empty element with a `contenteditable="true"` attribute within a table cell and noneditable root was deleted when the Backspace key was pressed. #TINY-10010

Reviewer: The issue seems wider than just non-editable root so we don't need to mention that. However it does happen on both backspace and delete. So maybe this:
```suggestion
- An empty element with a `contenteditable="true"` attribute within a table cell would not be treated as content and get removed if backspace or delete was being pressed. #TINY-10010
```
